big companies are able to scale their
paid ads profitably do you want to know
their secrets hey everyone i'm neil
patel and today i'm going to break down
eight paid ad secrets you can learn from
the big brands
before we get started make sure you
subscribe to this channel and if you're
on youtube click the alert notification
now one thing i have for you is if
you're gonna do paid ads listen to these
eight steps you may know some of them
you may not know all of them but if you
implement all of them you're gonna do
better with your paid advertising
so number one
focus most of your ad spend on seasonal
opportunities easter valentine's day
christmas black friday mother's day
graduation season back to school season
st patrick's day father's day halloween
thanksgiving cyber monday free shipping
opportunities
these all do extremely well and they
convert higher we have tons and tons of
data on my ad agency np digital if you
ever need help with your paid ad
management you should always check us
out
we manage so many campaigns we see the
state and we know that seasonal spending
just works so well
two avoid spending too much of your ad
budget in the beginning and the end of
each quarter you need to pace it out and
take your learnings by taking your
learnings and pacing it out you then
have the firepower to spend when you
need a spend huge companies try to reach
their quarterly goals the goal isn't to
just spend it all at once the goal is
also to be there consistently which
helps your ad campaigns perform better
in the long run versus turning them on
and off
because we can keep turning on and off
depending on the platform you're
spending money on sometimes you have to
warm things up back again which is just
a pain to do and it causes a reduction
of roi
three prepare for seasonal opportunities
months before they happen so most of the
big companies we work with
they're planning their easter promotion
their christmas or black friday
way before it happens months and months
not just their ad campaigns but products
inventories even service based software
companies they're all starting to run
offers and they prepare months in events
and it works exceptionally well four
optimize for mobile mobile sales are
projected to be 73 of total ecommerce
sales in 2021.
look if your website's not responsive
you gotta make sure you are responsive
because you want to design a different
website for mobile or desktop or tablet
it's the easiest way to maintain
all-in-one experience and make sure your
purchase experience on mobile is even
better than desktop it should be one
click i love the shopify pay because i
can click a button and boom right people
can just end up paying and then going
through without filling out their credit
card details or google pay or paypal add
the different options
and if you post long form content try
using shorter paragraphs
than just having really long form and
break those paragraphs up and make sure
that you include media and ctas
five a b test everything you can add
creatives add copy add audiences bids
add to cart buttons product images big
companies test everything and they're
constantly testing and what we found is
when big companies run a test and they
find a winner they don't just assume two
years from now that's going to keep
being a winner they retest their winners
because sometimes market conditions
change for example it used to be when
big companies would have people sign up
they would do things like
sign in with google and that worked out
great years ago and some of them saw 40
50 60 lifts and conversion but then
people started getting scared about
security so then when they had to sign
in with google as the only form of
signing in
eventually their conversions tanked
versus having multiple options that's an
example of what worked in the past may
not work today i'm not saying that'll
happen with you but that's why you need
to re-test and that's why big companies
re-test
six use google merchant center and
google smart shopping campaigns when you
run a smart shopping campaign google
will automatically position your
products and the best places to maximize
your conversions so leverage the
technology that google provides it'll
help you get a better roi
number seven
multi-channel retail leverage
marketplaces and their ad platforms from
amazon ads to etsy ads to ebay promoted
listings to walmart advertising this all
helps
and number eight last but not least
facebook dynamic product ads it
automates a process to show the most
relevant products to the most relevant
people it eliminates ad targeting
guessing game and this is super
effective because if you're going to do
ads
why try to figure out on your own why
not use the technology that these
companies have to maximize your roi keep
in mind if you make a better roi you
spend more which makes facebook more
money so use the technology that they
have at your fingertips
if you need help with your marketing
check out my ad agency neil patel
digital if you enjoyed this video like
it share it tell people about it and
leave a comment if you have a question
about paid ads we're here to help